# working group meeting on 2021-04-27

## Participants

* Zhiqian Xia
* Tom Stellard
* Wei Wu - PLCT Lab
* Anton Korobeynikov
* Mike Edwards
* Azhar
* Zhiqian Xia

## Agenda

Agenda items taken from the [backlog](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/projects/1)

### Epic: improve infrastructure documentation [#14](https://github.com/llvm/llvm-iwg/issues/14)

* 2 issues resolved
* a few more in progress

### Hiring for infrastructure role #27

see comment on issue #27

### Formalize the working group #22

* see comment on issue #22
* created new issue #34 to document our current learnings

### Decide on incoming requests

There were some requests for our involvement recently. We should decide which of
these we want to work on:

* how do we decide on requests?
  * If we can't handle it right away and if a meaningful request: try to find a
    vendor with the right expertise to do it.
  * Major question: Can we find enough volunteers to take on the topic?
  * Until we have a better solution: discuss on a case by case basis.
* Mac-Hardware for pre-merge testing #32
  * details are on the mailing list
  * Christian and Mike are requesting quotes for the hardware
  * Mike will then propose this to the foundation
* Mailman - investigate long term solutions #6
  * volunteers so far: Christian KÃ¼hnel, Mike Edwards, Chris Lattner, Kit Barton
  * [initial
    research](https://github.com/ChristianKuehnel/llvm-iwg/blob/Discourse/Discourse_research.md)
    on the migration
  * proposal: have this sub-group of 4 work on the issue
  * ask for objections on mailing list

* Discontinue code reviews on the mailing list #31
  * out of time, postponed to next meeting

### other topics

* Screen sharing is not working in the Zoom meeting. Christian to talk to Tanya.
* #32 sparked a longer discussion around our build systems
  * We all agree that we should be working to reducing the number of different
    CI systems in place. Users and maintainers should only have to deal with
    one platform.
  * This would be a major migration project, it's unclear today how we can
    gather a large enough group to work on this.
  * We should decide on where we want to proceed with pre-merge testing. Today
    we do not really have an agreed roadmap for it.
  * Maybe: Create a dashboard to show contributors how their commit progresses
    through the different CI pipelines.
  * Maybe change the way Buildbot is set up today to speed up config changes:
    Only configure some parts on the server, take the rest of the configuration
    from the repo.
* For prototyping new features: We should help the community members pick the
  right technology stack to implement/demonstrate new ideas to reduce the amount
  of different solutions in place.
